---
layout: project-post
title: Advent Of Code 2020
shortdescription: The year I made console renderings.
thumbnail-img: aoc2020-thumbnail.png
tags: {{tags}}
date: 2020-12-25
---
My objectif of that year was to make rendering when I had something fun to create. The rendering speed is pretty slow because of console limits but the next year, I optimized it a bit.

## Day3: Toboggan Trajectory
Going down hill with trees ( green # ), which of the 5 angles makes you ( yellow symbol) hit ( red X ) the least amount of trees.

{% include image-card.html FullImagePath='assets/img/projects/aoc2020-day3.gif' ThumbnailPath='assets/img/projects/aoc2020-day3.gif' Alt='' Caption='' %}

## Day5
Find your seat by scanning ALL tickets, they are kinda encoded in binary. You know that you are not the last nor the first of a row ( red X ).
{% include image-card.html FullImagePath='assets/img/projects/aoc2020-day5.gif' ThumbnailPath='assets/img/projects/aoc2020-day5.gif' Alt='' Caption='' %}

## Day11
A version of the game of life. There are a lot of steps to get to the end, which is super long to render.
{% include image-card.html FullImagePath='assets/img/projects/aoc2020-day11-part2.gif' ThumbnailPath='assets/img/projects/aoc2020-day11-part2.gif' Alt='' Caption='' %}

## Day14
Mathematics with bit masks.
{% include image-card.html FullImagePath='assets/img/projects/aoc2020-day14-part2.gif' ThumbnailPath='assets/img/projects/aoc2020-day14-part2.gif' Alt='' Caption='' %}

## Day24
A member of the renovation crew gives you a list of the tiles that need to be flipped over (your puzzle input).
{% include image-card.html FullImagePath='assets/img/projects/aoc2020-day24-part2.gif' ThumbnailPath='assets/img/projects/aoc2020-day24-part2.gif' Alt='' Caption='' %}
