---
layout: project-post
title: Advent Of Code 2021
shortdescription: Yet another Aoc year, my renderings code is getting bigger!
thumbnail-img: aoc2021-thumbnail.png
tags: 
date: 2021-12-25
tools: [C#]
eventGroup: ["Advent of Code"]
---

## Day5
Your submarine has to navigate around hydrothermal vents. To avoid the most dangerous areas, you need to determine the number of points where at least two lines overlap.
{% include image-card.html FullImagePath='assets/img/projects/aoc2021-day5-part2.m4v' ThumbnailPath='assets/img/projects/aoc2021-day5-part2.gif' Alt='' Caption='' %}

## Day8
The input is a list of segment links that are not identify. You need to figure out the numbers and then figure out the sum.
<div class="row">
{% include image-card.html FullImagePath='assets/img/projects/aoc2021-day8-part2-2.webm' ThumbnailPath='assets/img/projects/aoc2021-day8-part2-2.gif' Alt='' Caption='Listing the segment codes and then linking them to the right spot in the display.' %}
{% include image-card.html FullImagePath='assets/img/projects/aoc2021-day8-part2-1.webm' ThumbnailPath='assets/img/projects/aoc2021-day8-part2-1.gif' Alt='' Caption='Solving some numbers, the whole solving without the 4 number display takes 5m 40s. It would take more than 20m with it!' %}
</div>

## Day9
Find smoke pockets from a heightmap of the floor.
{% include image-card.html FullImagePath='assets/img/projects/aoc2021-day9-part2.webm' ThumbnailPath='assets/img/projects/aoc2021-day9-part2-thumbnail.jpg' Alt='' Caption='Easy to render with the grid renderer I made. It takes an array and you can set some delegate that will call each character to get its color.' %}

## Day13
To use the submarine thermal camera you need to figure out the code in the manual. It's a serie of points and fold instructions, that when applied will result in letters.
{% include image-card.html FullImagePath='assets/img/projects/aoc2021-day13-part2.webm' ThumbnailPath='assets/img/projects/aoc2021-day13-part2.gif' Alt='' Caption='' %}