---
layout: gamejam-post
title: Wayhome
salePitch: Vous êtes le WayHome, boussole cosmique et gardien de l'arbre de la connaissance. Work together to help travelers while protecting the fruit of knowledge.
shortdescription: A game where I made shaders and enemis behaviors.
thumbnail-img: assets/img/gamejams/WayHome-Thumbnail.png
tags: {{tags}}
date: 2018-01-01
duration: 48 hours
event: Global game Jam 2018 (mtl game jam)
theme: Transmission
tools: ["Unity"]
myContribution: 
team: 
visibily: archive
awards: 
---
A 2 player game where one player has a document with various information on witch species needs what. The player with the information is not allowed to see the screen. You must communicate well.

As most jams, I codded the enemies behavior and spawing. Then I went straight to adding shaders everywhere. With a real artist, it was an exercice of communication of my shading idea and her artistic direction. It gave me the idea to create a list detailed of all the shaders I made. This resource is used to communicate ideas and exemples of what shaders can do and I could do with ease.

## Medias
<div class="row">
{% include image-card.html FullImagePath='assets/img/gamejams/WayHome-2.png' ThumbnailPath='assets/img/gamejams/WayHome-2.png' Alt="First level." Caption="First level."%}
{% include image-card.html FullImagePath='assets/img/gamejams/WayHome-1.png' ThumbnailPath='assets/img/gamejams/WayHome-1.png' Alt="Only une orb of life remaining." Caption="Only une orb of life remaining."%}
{% include image-card.html FullImagePath='assets/img/gamejams/WayHome-3.png' ThumbnailPath='assets/img/gamejams/WayHome-3.png' Alt="A orb just fall." Caption="A orb just fall."%}
{% include image-card.html FullImagePath='assets/img/gamejams/WayHome-Manual1.png' ThumbnailPath='assets/img/gamejams/WayHome-Manual1.png' Alt="Second player manual page 1 (french version)." Caption="Second player manual page 1 (french version)."%}
{% include image-card.html FullImagePath='assets/img/gamejams/WayHome-Manual2.png' ThumbnailPath='assets/img/gamejams/WayHome-Manual2.png' Alt="Second player manual page 2." Caption="Second player manual page 2."%}
</div>